Micrometer guide to send metric with Agent (#20355)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/metrics/guide/micrometer.md

---
title: Send metrics with Micrometer
kind: Guide
further_reading:

> - link: "https://micrometer.io/docs/registry/otlp"
>   tag: "Micrometer"
>   text: "Micrometer Prometheus"
> - link: "https://micrometer.io/docs/registry/prometheus"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- link: "https://micrometer.io/docs/registry/prometheus"
  tag: "Micrometer"
  text: "Micrometer Prometheus"
- link: "https://micrometer.io/docs/registry/otlp"
```

Reviewer: Not sure what the intended order is, but either the link or the text needs to be swapped for these two further reading resources

Author: Thanks for catching this @buraizu!

  tag: "Micrometer"
  text: "Micrometer OTLP"
---

## Overview

> [Micrometer][1] is a vendor neutral interface that allows access to a metric with the ability to analyze across its dimensions. Often used with a Java Springboot application, it is used as an abstraction layer to submit metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Micrometer][1] is a vendor-neutral interface that allows access to metrics with the ability to analyze them across their dimensions. Often used with a Java Spring Boot application as an abstraction layer to submit metrics.
```

Micrometer offers multiple ways to integrate with Datadog. This guide outlines Datadog's recommended options to use with the Agent to send metrics to Datadog.

## OpenTelemetry

> OTLP Ingestion by the Datadog Agent allows you to take advantage of observability feature in the Datadog Agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenTelemetry Protocol (OTLP) Ingestion by the Datadog Agent allows you to take advantage of observability feature in the Datadog Agent.
```
